2/25/2026-
I'm moving a little slow on this project so this is my first journal
entry. But so far we've gotten a few simple classes set up
and simple .txt IO. Tonight we got the path set up to
store the .txt file under Documents. 

I'd do some more coding or maybe even set up the Github repo, 
but I need to wind down for bed for the night. 

Until next time!

3/1/2026- 

It's been a bit since I've been in this project so I spent some time here tonight. 
I added some fields to the input and switched the write file from .txt to .json,
essentially. I know there are better ways to implement what it is at this point even 
but as I've been consumed by other projects,one step at a time. It'll get there. 

3/2/2026-

We started storage location logic; basically the end goal is the user being able to spin up custom named storage locations
to be able to assign items to. So far we have the menu built, essentially. 

I might try to work in here a bit more later today. 

I did come back for more; I added the storage menu and the skeleton for the tooling
for creating a new storage location, although I'm hitting a bug in collecting the
input for the new location.

One thing at a time. But this will probably be it for today regardless. 

3/3/2026-
We got collecting the storage location input and appending it all to file worked out a
bit more smoothly this morning, although it's all still a ways off from being usable.

One thing at a time!

3/4/2026-

I should at least add the option to set/change a default country to be "autofilled", if not also State and/or city
for the storage locations.

This morning I moved adding a new item out of program and got the item entries appended to the json
file a bit more cleanly. We smoothed out StorageLocations a bit more as well.

There's still a lot to be done!

I came back a bit later and added the start for Sourcing locations and smoothed out the input collection and
appending in the other sections 

3/5/2026-

I've just been doing some more smoothing out not unlike yesterday's work today in addition 
to starting the search for storage function by name logic; we are at the point to where we 
are parsing through the file of storage locations in search of the name we are searching for.
I know i'm using a file stream I just need to piece together all of the pieces still. 

Okay, so I got searching through the file set up and I have some logic that attempts to append
the pulled lines between the found search term and the next delimiter to an appends array
and then print them to the screen and we can get through the entire method successfully 
but whenever I print appends it seems to be empty, so. 

There's my next starting point for whenever I come back next. 

3/6/2026-

I figured out why appends was coming up empty and got the entire location selection printed
on screen. It still needs input protections and to be prettified a bit, but, it does
technically work!

Progress is progress!

We changed the item price in the new item submission process to a string for 
fluidity's sake.

we also removed itemPurchasePrice as it was redundant and I think I autofilled it in without
realizing. 

I also sculpted out a basic search by item name for doing just that. Soon I'll stop adding simple
features like this and start refining the ones I have and then move forward with more 
advanced features. 

3/9/2026- It's been a few days since I've been in this project so I'm just pecking around
in this super rough item search I left for myself. I do think I mentioned that it was basic.

That would be a compliment, if I did.

Right now while (line != null) is throwing us into an infinite loop, so, I think that's a valuable 
place to spend some time at. 

I got distracted, I wanted to empty out the ItemList file and just simply deleted and tried to
add a new item which would create a new ItemList file in the process but I couldn't find the new
file being made anywhere. I eventually did, I'm still a bit confused overall as to why it 
wasn't coming up in the search, but, oh well. We'll blame it on Dolphin.

Anyway that frustration prompted me to add a second dev tool for me to use- file overwriting. 
Now I can do it from the main menu without actual deletion, much easier. 

Anyway next I need to get back to the actual work. 

Today is a bit of a slower day overall, and that's okay, so i'll likely be back 
to work on our new endless loop either tonight or tomorrow.

3/10/2026-

It's kinda crazy how much of a difference coming back fresh can do; I opened the code to where
I was yesterday and immediately realized that the loop was infinite because it only ends 
when line contains the search term and it will always contain the delimiter at that point.

A quick print statement confirmed my suspicions.

I could change while to an if, or keep it while and add a stop when line == delimiter.

But if only change it to if that only solves the infinite looping itself, and line
will still container the delimiter at that point and now the search term.

a quick line = sw.ReadLine advanced line to the search term and now I'm onto the next bug;
it seems we got as far as the item found statement but hit a bug after.

I think the file is closing by the time it gets the line= sw.ReadLine on line 59, but I'm not really sure why
yet. 

It was because I was closing it. Oops. 

The printing the searched for entry is still a little funky but the search is successful and it does print,
so, it's at least in better shape than it was when I started! 

All the noise being printed was from my mess of debug statements so I got those commented out so 
I can see what's actually happening a bit more clearly. We're getting all the way through the method and
back out to the switch statement but only printing the item description from within the switch loop which off hand 
makes me think that my method isn't appending to appends correctly. 

3/11/2026- 
I'm doing some lighter work this morning; so far I've gotten the search process smoothed out a bit more 
and now my issue is with appending to appends. I made appends a global array as well. Whenever we get out of
the method and back to the menu switch I can print the different elements of appends manually but only appends[0]
seems to be holding anything. 

I'm sure I can figure it out! I just have divided time today.


3/14/2026-

Just some lighter work tonight really since I'm kinda sleepy and I didn't code at all yesterday.

I cleaned up the new sourcing location process and got rid of some unnecessary code. I also fixed the 
file overwrite tool, and made some in general flow improvements. 

The sourcing location search is up and running but currently returns the entire file and not only the entry
that matches the search parameter. I'll just probably save that for tomorrow since my eyes are heavy. 

3/16/2026-

Back again! I needed yesterday to rest so I could come back strong. 

This morning I messed around in AddItem and started to hardcode the file appending into json when 
I realized I could just use System.Text.Json and now I'm switching things over to that so that I can
have actual proper json files and not just text labeled as json.

One thing at a time. 

